Emulator 1.0.0 release note (#1106)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/AppConfigurationEmulator.md

[Image][image] | [Source code][source_code] | [Samples][samples]

## 1.0.0 - October 29. 2025

Initial stable release of the Azure App Configuration emulator.

### Enhancements

This release builds upon 1.0.0-preview and includes the following enhancements:

> * Added sync-token header in responses [#46](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/pull/46)

Reviewer: This is a bug fix. Can we add a description of the symptom of the issue?

[Image][image] | [Source code][source_code] | [Samples][samples]

> ## 1.0.0 - October 29. 2025

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1.0.0 - October 29, 2025
```

Initial stable release of the Azure App Configuration emulator.

### Enhancements

This release builds upon 1.0.0-preview and includes the following enhancements:

* Supported the following API versions:
  * `1.0`
  * `2023-10-01`
  * `2023-11-01`
  * `2024-09-01`
* Added support for volume mount of the storage folder, letting containers persist configuration with a lightweight host volume. [#53](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/pull/53)

### Bug fixes

> * Fixed a bug where missing sync-token headers caused the client SDK to crash with null pointer panic. [#46](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/pull/46) ([#43](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/issues/43))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where missing sync-token headers caused client SDKs to crash with null pointer panic. [#46](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/pull/46) ([#43](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-Emulator/issues/43))
```
